Explicitly recommend content digest information (#556)
opencontainers/distribution-spec: spec.md

If the digest does differ, it MAY be the case that the hashing algorithms used do not match.
See [Content Digests](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/v1.0.1/descriptor.md#digests) <sup>[apdx-3](#appendix)</sup> for information on how to detect the hashing algorithm in use.

> Most clients MAY ignore the value, but if it is used, the client MUST verify the value against the uploaded blob data.

Reviewer: I agree with the comment below that "uploaded blob data" isn't right for a manifest.

```suggestion
Most clients MAY ignore the value, but if it is used, the client MUST verify the value matches the returned manifest.
```

> If the `<reference>` part of a manifest request is a digest, clients SHOULD additionally verify that the response body matches this digest.

Reviewer 2: We could change "response body" to instead mention it as the manifest digest. There are deprecated but still in use manifest formats which have an envelope in which the digest is checked.  It is possible for future formats to put the manifest in an envelope or require decoding/decrypting that doesn't match the response body.

Author: While we're at it, the line above calls this "uploaded blob data". Should we replace both with just the term "manifest" and leave it to the reader to understand what part of the response that is?

Reviewer: For blobs, I think we are fine calling it the content body digest. It's only for manifests where there are some possible differences, since registries process the manifest content, and the digest could be for the envelope data rather than the full body of the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `<reference>` part of a manifest request is a digest, clients SHOULD verify the returned manifest matches this digest.
```

A GET request to an existing blob URL MUST provide the expected blob, with a response code that MUST be `200 OK`.
A successful response SHOULD contain the digest of the uploaded blob in the header `Docker-Content-Digest`.
If present, the value of this header MUST be a digest matching that of the response body.

> Clients SHOULD verify that the response body matches the requested digest and the response header digest.

Reviewer 2: The registry could return a header digest with another algorithm, in that case the client should not trust the digest if it does not match but would need to verify the manifest against the client's digest reference and registries digest (if the client intends to store the content by the registry provided digest).

Author: What I meant to say with this sentence is that 

1. clients should _always_ verify the requested digest
2. if a response header digest is present, clients should verify that, too
3. implicitly, a blob should not be stored at all if it fails any of the above

Do you think I should make (3) explicit?

Reviewer: From our discussions in yesterday's meeting, we didn't feel it necessary for clients to verify a potentially different digest algorithm, particularly if the server supports different algorithms than that client supports, and the client didn't request them.

```suggestion
Clients SHOULD verify that the response body matches the requested digest.
```

Author: I agree that clients should not need to verify the digest header if they're not using it, but should we ask them to do it when they use it, similar to the requirements for the manifest?

> Most clients MAY ignore the value, but if it is used, the client MUST verify the value [...]

Reviewer: I don't see the value-add in verifying the server provided header. This digest is always known by the client, and needs to match the descriptor value in a manifest. If the server gives a different algorithm, there's no workflow where the pulling client should use that digest even if it verified it.

Reviewer: I'd still like to change it. But we can add a line similar to 182 to cover any clients that later find a use case for the data.

```suggestion
Most clients MAY ignore the value, but if it is used, the client MUST verify the value matches the returned response body.
Clients SHOULD verify that the response body matches the requested digest.
```
